I've done my second interview and it did
go better than my first one my first one
was absolutely terrible I'm really
disappointed in myself actually because
it was definitely not as good as it
could have been and all four of the
Cheetahs I'm really really lovely to
talk to all of them are just incredible
I mean the possibility of actually being
able to work with these people is
mind-boggling I really hope that it did
go quite well I think that's me done for
interviews as well because I've been
checking the noticeboard and I haven't
seen anything
you never know I'll go down and check in
a probably another hour I just can't
believe I'm here it still is still
thinking a while to thinking I think oh
and I went to UM I went to High Street
[Music]
number one I bought some soap because I
thought that that would be soap he put
an interview bring your own soap I've
just been using hand sanitizer going to
the sink in the communal bathroom but
I've got my own soap now I just went to
Sainsbury's and bought some and I was
going to WH Smiths my Christmas cards
because I don't know when I'm next gonna
get a chance go shopping anyway so I've
got two of these packs and this one as
well and I've got 80 Christmas cards it
came to 14 pounds for 80 which is
amazing
Here I am just sorting through my extra
English folder because there were a few
essays that I needed to put back in
[Music]
I'm on my way to dinner at the moment
it's a gorgeous I can't leave I realized
I'm in Oxford it's so gorgeous there I'm
in the buildings
come on outfit all I know tomorrow
somebody's from Benetton
[Music]
I'm wondering I got back from dinner at
around quarter past seven and I made two
new friends one of whom is from Poland
which it's pretty remarkable she's been
all the way from Poland and another is
from Liverpool I believe had a wonderful
and talk with them over dinner and one
obliged to the English as well so we
have a long history discussion about
children's literature and the other
supplied study biochemistry that's what
I'm really loving about this the fact
that you're talking with people who was
similarly enthusiastic about learning
just a great experience
[Music]
well good night I'm going to get into
bed now it's about twenty past nine I'm
just going to get into bed and read both
my book and the news so thank you for
watching and have a productive week